Yes, that's your answer to the Navy and the Air Force.
That's right.
No, that's right.
No, I'm talking about the jobs you made again start.
The second part of that paragraph, where you said the issue raised by the Senate of
Potter's letter as to whether unbode informs with you by the Senate of McCarthy in his
stance, the same self-righteous reason for private time.
You said that, didn't you?
Yes.
That was one of the letters that was raised in that happened to bring the thing pretty
much to a head because this thing had been going on for many weeks and when Senator Potter's
letter was directed to the Secretary of Defense came in and it just released that air
point when the thing just started reached the high line.
That's your Secretary.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I concluded my last interview with the Secretary around the particular subject and I pointed
out to you your testimony which you stated, but it was set it up by Senator Potter's
Foreign Office, I think we all agree to you.
We're emphasizing the fact that it was Potter's letter that was set up their release.
And after the time you were discussing that on the road, did you then know that a
member of the executive, other than someone in the Pentagon had turned back to Senator
Potter, had suggested to him that he write this letter.
Did not know that then and don't know it now.
Have you ever heard that someone from the executive who knew about the meeting of the
governor's office in January knew that the suggestion was made there that the charges
be formalized and readings.
Then gotten states with Senator Potter and said, would you write to the Pentagon and ask
that the charges were released.
Did you know that?
The first time I ever heard that was this morning.
But do you know it now, don't you?
I do not know.
Do you heard Senator Potter say it?
The first time I hear that.
What's the one thing on the line with Senator Potter used if you will refresh my memory
on it?
That was the first indication that I had of it.
Well, you know that Senator Potter said he did get a call from someone who was executive.
I say I did not hear all of what Senator Potter said.
Did you hear it Mr. Wells?
I want to keep it refreshed.
The secretary is right about this and rather important, we have a sequence of the events
here about the trust we have about.
Well, isn't the important thing Senator that I never heard of it until it's mine?
No.
So many things you have heard that didn't hear of Mr. Secretary.
We are concerned here with who instigated the charges which resulted in the complete
wrecking of this committee's normal function and tied it up on this work for a week.
We have here a statement to the press that the other decisions are made solely by the Army.
We have Mr. Adam Sustamone of the effect of the decision to make the charges formal and
coming to the centers to derive that out of a justice department meeting to fight out
trust personnel there.
I thought a gray now.
Let me finish.
We now know that the rudder.
But he said, headed up the matter.
In effect, for us to finally put out the charges.
For us instigated by someone from the executive.
Without information do you still want to stand by your statements that are recorded?
I wish to make it perfectly plain that the decisions on the act on the part of the Army concerning
the controversy, probably being heard by the Senate subcommittee, were the decisions and the act
of the Department of the Army alone.
I do. I stand squarely on that.
You must have said that no one else had anything to do with it.
I have explained to you at length the discussions with the Department of the Army.
Do you say that no one has stepped into the Department of Army had anything to do with
the making of these decisions for the act?
I have explained to you that the Senate and the Classics just have a decision which is made
and a way that lots of decisions are made in the executive branch of the government or in the
operation of a business.
I don't know where, where some people have got together and the stuff matters.
Mr., there would have no written or issue.
Mr. Stevens, I am getting awfully weary of this attempt to get a few simple facts from you
that overflowing teeth we've sent just a vast amount of time here trying to get answers to
some simple questions.
I have frankly given up and trying to get you to tell us whether or not you wish you
had the order because your testimony is still counter-dictated.
I can't reconcile.
I'm now on another question.
Question is this.
You made a statement this morning under rule.
You say I wish to make it perfectly clear that the decisions and the acts on the
Department of the Army concerning the controversy are closely being heard by the Senate subcommittee
where the decisions and the acts of the Department of the Army alone.
Now, do you still stand by that statement?
I do.
Do you, do you, say that John Adams was not telling the truth when he said that the decision
out of 40 testimony of meeting finally concluded with the decision that I should call on our
Republican members in investigating subcommittee.
The Democrats members were not members of the committee and pointed out to them that two problems
which I had discussed in the attorney's journals off.
And before you answer that, Mr. Secretary, you understand here is your chief legal counsel
for saying that the decision, the decision, the decision to bring the shame-corn matter
to the attention of members of the committee to bring in to them in connection with the attempt
to get us to call off the hearings on the loyalty board that had been clearing comments.
He said that decision was made in the Justice Department with White House Aid's presence
with the Attorney General Presence, the Deputy Attorney General Presence, and Ambassador
to the UN President.
Now, I'm sure that any man who can add two and two Mr. Secretary will agree that that
completely contradicts your statement that all decisions or the decisions of the Department
of the Army alone, I wonder if you want your sworn testimony this morning just stand as a
case or not.
I want it to stand.
You say that I, and I explain before I turn to my colleague in another very, very long, I
won't call it a question or a call of speech that you just made.
So what you move, and I can't remember at all, but I do remember part of it, which I've
covered before and that was with respect to the use of the word by Mr. Adam, something
was concluded.
And I say again that when you sit on this checklist, witness chair, stay up today, do the best
to kind of answer questions.
You may have easily used the wrong word, and my guess is that Mr. Adam probably used the wrong
word because I'm satisfied that his action wasn't independent.
Mr. Steven, you complain about being on the stand day after day.
We gave you a rather long vacation, but you take a trip out the Montana and make speeches.
You should be refreshed now so you can tell us the truth.
It's a chance of being.
I'll read that backly, Mark.
I tell the truth.
And I don't think the chairman ought to allow that kind of excitement to be made.
Well?
Well, let's see if he can make it.
Let's see what the thing's up there now.
The truth is, the falsity.
He's talking to him and telling the truth from both days.
If he had a mental lapse, so he can tell us that.
But let's wait.
They tell him only the two days, and I don't enjoy seeing the secretary come up here and counterdict himself on the road.
But counterdict himself, he's here.
He's out there.
Counterdict himself, he has, and he'll point out the counterdiction.
And see whether, but he's out of the way and telling the truth with the secretary in both days.
Will you listen to carefully?
He agrees that testimony of the first testimony.
One eyed Mark.
You'll both be for a moment with the secretary of guess.
You're testing when he marks.
You're the person in part, so then.
The carbon copy of the students by Mark's.
If you look up, let me read this to you, Mr. Secretary.
And I wouldn't go over this again except you resented the fact that I told you that you couldn't be doing the truth.
Both times.
I would say that, all right, I would say that the result of the result is justified.
And if it was a case of a bad memory, you can tell us if you were too tired of the time.
You can tell us that.
Um.
Former McCarthy, do you know who you did or not?
You did all the important Mr. Secretary to know, and I made him payed 1458 to 61.
All right, it's all the important Mr. Secretary to know how common this particular night.
Well, apparently, we've conceived the idea for this American pan against my staff.
And I'd like to know who originated and who talked to whom.
Like there is Steven.
The effect was the origin of the land or any other time which I very much dealt.
I have no knowledge of it.
And I had nothing to do with it.
Former McCarthy.
I said, I had come that.
That was just you were talking about.
And I have no part of it.
First of the rest of the day, we're actually talking to a, the do something much better.
Both of you, you say you had, you had nothing to do with it?
Absolutely nothing to do with it.
It was your turn to know that I'm not a smear and I had nothing to do with it.
Otherwise, you were throwing you an absolutely nothing to do with it because I used the word smear.
That's the word you used.
Right.
It's a powerful word.
That's what you want to put for a very much as pride.
We'll have to run around the table Mr. Dickens.
Chair passes, send us in my left.
Wow.
Send us in my right.
So, well, for the McCarthy, we may continue.
Now, the chair suggests that we have just about just 10 minutes left between now and the recess time
and hopes that the question is going to be asked and the answer is obtained in that 10 minutes if possible.
And Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman.
This is somewhat out of character for Mr. Wells, but I would like to suggest that we continue until we do conclude with the lessons on that chair.
We can, we'll have to put up the 10 minutes to go to Senator's have appointments after that 10 minutes.
Mr. Chairman, could we ask the chair to order the official reporter to type up all the tests when he's taking this for a noon
and get that to the earliest moment so we can put into the record the specific contradictions on a part of Mr. Stavon's contradictions on his seven lines.
Can I have that available?
Councilor Saez, anything else?
We always can see the transcripts of the morning session before the after-intention begins.
Very good. Thank you.
Mr. Secretary, did you discuss with Mr. Adams the first that he had consulted with four newsmen on these charges before there were made available money centers?
I think that was outside the...
Mr. Wells is entirely correct. You remember Senator that this inquiry is confined to the state of the Secretary of May 19th?
And that is outside of the scope of inquiry?
We have point of the...
And we have heard of my new father, Senator, that Mr. Stevens will appear later as a general witness that we signed this question, maybe probably has.
I assume that the gentlemen did not get the import of the question. My point is that I'm telling him prior to uttering up those four newsmen who are jointly responsible.
Their advice was sought. If you can testify on her oaths that they have been at three of them have enemies of mine.
The other paper has been a trauma poem.
Paul, is that question would be proper?
That's the plan when you're in for this thing.
Mr. Stevens, I'd like to ask you now whether or not you discuss with Mr. Adams.
The fact that before he made these charges for the written up, while everything was written up, he discussed the matter with four newsmen.
He discussed that with me.
You asked me the other day, so I'm fine.
Now, this is repitious again, but let's go into it.
You asked me all about this the other day, and I testified at all in the record, and if I may, I'd like to stand on the advantage.
Well, your testimony, the other day, Mr. Stevens, was that he had only talked to L. Claw, by the way.
Since then, Mr. Adams has testified, instead of being told he discussed the matter with Mr. Homer Bigger, the New York paper.
He did. I didn't finish.
With Mr. Murray Murder, Mr. Phil Potter, and he just about also took a trip with Mr. Al Friendly of the local daily worker.
Now, my question is, did you discuss with him?
Why he had these conferences with individuals, all of whom is papers, have consistently opposed any exposure of communism,
consistently opposed any investigating committees, and have consistently attacked the chairman of this committee.
Well, you're curious, no point he sought their advice. I don't believe he sought their advice.
Well, did you discuss the matter with him?
Well, anything about it until a long time afterwards, and we covered that in my testimony the other day, Senator.
Did you discuss the matter with Mr. Secretary?
And I know, but Mr. Adams was told me if he had sought any advice. I'm confident he did not.
Did you discuss the matter with Mr....
No, I didn't discuss the matter with Mr. Adams until a long time afterwards, which I covered with my testimony with you the other day.
But then you did discuss the matter with him the other day afterwards?
I mean, he told me a long time afterwards about Mr. Al's talk.
I just testified on that, it's all in here somewhere, Senator.
Did he tell you about the other three?
I don't recall what he did, no. One name is the only thing I remember.
Would you say that he was violating his position here at Legal Council?
If he discussed with foreign newsmen who is sworn...
It's like that for me, he testified he knew where enemies of mine, and he's just been there writing against me.
Would you say he's violating his trust to go to them and get advice on how to prepare charges?
I don't believe he did, though, for so-and-for advice.
Did you ask him?
I think we ought to ask him.
I hear on this panel, they did.
Did you ask him whether he got advice on it?
No, I didn't.
Did you ask him what Mr. Al's talk was doing in his office examining the files?
Have you seen Mr. Al's talk testimony?
No, I have not.
Don't you think that you should see Mr. Secretary?
I have so.
Is it available to me?
I have.
I have so much to ask.
Mr. Al's talk hasn't.
Now, I understand your testimony, but you did not discuss with him his conversation with a bigger than anybody else.
That's right.
Now, you said that you made suggestions for the preparation of the charges.
Please do make this a suggestion, too.
I had him to Mr. Baum and Mr. Adams mention, too.
No, I'm asking this, Mr. Secretary.
If suggestions seem to Mr. Adams from a conference of White House aid, the Attorney General,
would you consider them in a nature of an order?
I would not.
Would you consider a suggestion by Sherman Adams in a nature of an order?
You know that Mr. Adams acted upon those suggestions.
I wish Mr. Adams were talking about, kind of.
Mr. John Adams.
Will you repeat the question?
You know that Mr. John Adams acted upon these suggestions of Mr. Sherman Adams.
Remely that the charges be put in writing, may go and visit these countries.
I don't know whether he did or not.
I know if I've testified here this morning, but as a good lawyer, he's put down some memorandum.
Got his thoughts together in the form of a file of notes.
You know that he did not do that as a good lawyer in the White House conference?
I didn't hear it.
I didn't say you knew that as a good lawyer, as you say.
He did not do that as a last of the White House conference.
There was no White House conference, but I know anything about it.
I mean the Justice Department's Secretary.
It's he bought two or three days after that as I understand it, but it's down.
You know that that was an independent action on his part as a result of a suggestion, probably.
An independent action as a result of a suggestion.
That's right.
Did you know that Mr. Rogers told me when suggested you see Senator McCollum?
I'll end that later.
You know I came home from the Florey's.
Do you think then he went to see Mr. McCollum as an independent action immediately?
I do.
In other words, there was no connection between the two.
I'm sure Mr. Rogers would be the first to say that he wouldn't order Mr. Adams or Mayor or anyone else over there to do anything.
Mr. Secretary, you know that your legal counsel followed all the suggestions made of that meeting.
You know that when Bill Rogers told him up and said I'll make an appointment with Senator McCollum?
The appointment is May.
Adams went to see Senator McCollum.
Did you think with some millions of American people listening to you,
you want to know as the Secretary of the Army said there was no connection?
But he just had that meeting over there and then made all the decisions himself.
It was a miracle incident.
But he started to prepare the charges.
Which of the result of me hearing after the meeting?
He expected anyone to announce the brand to believe that.
Senator McCollum, I've been over and over and over on this subject with you.
And my attention is that Mr. Adams received certain suggestions.
They were not orders.
And I'm sure that nobody that attended those meetings would say that they were orders.
I'll be on the right at him to punish.
How many suggestions were I meant for Sherman Adams if any? Did you ever ignore?
What's that?
Did you ever ignore any suggestions from Sherman Adams?
I imagine I have.
Did you name one?
I think that's the only thing I can do.
I deal with the issue at hand if he had other suggestions than other matters and ignore it.
Did you do it for the credibility of the Westerns?
He says that after this conference, which Adams says that the decisions were made,
for some reason others, the Secretary says no decisions were made.
There's nothing to do with the subsequent act.
The Unifact says that the suggestion from the Justice Department was not considered in order from Sherman Adams with no.
I think the test is credibility.
I'd like to know if one thing was in order for suggestions from Adams who...
Mr. Gerrard, if John Adams had decided that he did not want to go see Senator McCollum,
he would not have gone and nothing would have happened.
Did you ever ignore a suggestion made by Mr. Sherman Adams in White House?
I say I'd take a spot in White House.
Did you think of one?
No, I can't think of it.
My question was, would the property at this point bring it out?
Mr. Perry, let's go to the case.
Now, Mr. Secretary, are you familiar with Mr. Adams' testimony?
I might withdraw that and say this.
You know that Mr. Adams sought with Mr. Joseph Alsoff, a columnist who was consistently written articles on favorable to the Senate of McLaughlin and everybody else investigating time units.
You know that Mr. Adams showed that Mr. Alsoff was filed for this matter, don't you?
You told us about the other day.
I know that he's...
He told Mr. Alsoff to talk to him about it.
It's what he did when he was in shock.
I don't know exactly what transpired. I wasn't there.
Well, you know that you're taking Mr. Adams' work, right?
I was.
What?
Well, Mr. Adams was dead. That's...
He showed Mr. Alsoff. I believe it's entire portfolio in the matter.
Without a proper act?
If he said so, then he'd undoubtedly did.
Without a proper act, sir.
Was it a proper act?
Yes, to take Army Memoranda and Army files and hand them over to a newsman who was possible to a Army Memoranda about a congressional committee in turn to move to a newsman writing article, or a possible threat to me.
Was that a...
In your opinion, the Secretary of the Army has proper act.
Well, first...
First, my guy wasn't doing anything like that myself.
Doing something.
How is expiring?
All time is expiring for the money that we've just until 2 p.m.
You have job search, Garmin, mother and aunt.
Where you'll keep coming, do I do?
Sheriff, we're starting by advising our guests that we're happy to have you here.
As I guess, pending the conduct of public business.
The Sheriff's field, he should advise you as he has advised your predecessors who have listed the chambers.
That you come here in conformity with a standing rule of this committee,
which is that there are to be no manifestations of approval or disapproval of any time,
at any time, on the part of any of the members of the audience.
The officers and the plain clothesmen and the audience have standing instructions from the committee
to immediately and politely remove from the room anybody at any time who violates those instructions.
Because you will then have canceled the agreement by which you came here as I guess.
The audience is a beneficent.
We trust they will continue to be so.
The committee continues to appreciate the very splendid service rendered in that connection by the officers who are in control of the decorum in the rear of the room.
I believe that F.C. conclusion of the morning meeting, Senator McFratty and Mr. Cohn had just concluded a 10 minute period.
And with that conviction, I begin by asking Council Jenkins whether he has any questions at this time.
Chairman, I have no further questions.
The Chair has none to any of my colleagues at my list have any questions at this time.
Chairman, I have received a copy of the White House press release of December 14th,
which probably should be included in the record.
You might have been a properly distributed member and included in the record.
Any questions?
No questions at my list? Any questions at my right? Mr. Welch, any questions?
No.
Senator McFratty, you are Mr. Cohn.
Mr. Cohn, we will put the record I would like to see at the first of on the news.
The copy of the White House release is another copy of 10 ejections.
We will send it down the end of the day.
I have only one copy.
Mr. Mani will bring you a copy.
Which one is it?
No. That's the other release of Mr. Mani.
He wants to one that Mr. Jackson had just applied for the record.
Mr. Welch has concluded a cabinet in our meeting.
He is coming in our weekly pass of action to pay gladden that we can pass it around with the committee members.
And the other comes.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman?
Yes, it's quite, it's quite strong.
I will be back in the record press.
I suggest Mr. Jackson to meet you.
This is in response to the request that I made this morning of Mr. Welch,
or whoever was produced.
The final immediate release, dated December 14, 1953, James C. Haggard,
the press secretary to the press in the White House.
During the present recites of the General Assembly of the United Nations,
Ambassador Henry Cavillard Jr. will serve here at the White House as special adviser to the President
on United Nations and other matters.
Ambassador Lodge will have an office and executive office for the press.
He will, of course, continue to the United Nations duty duties,
of the security confl and any other sessions that might be held.
Very good.
You can't demonstrate it now, Mr. Coil and I send them a question.
Mr. Chairman, I have just a very few questions to ask.
I frankly don't know until their ask, but they're not the,
will be pertinent to the circumscribed carry of the recovery today.
For the benefit of counsel, Mr. Chairman, may I say that I propose to ask Mr. Steven
about the conversations he's had with certain centers in regard to putting out the chart.
Until the answer comes, I won't know whether or not those conversations
had to do with putting out the charges or whether they had to do something else.
Specifically, I propose to ask him about the two conversations that he had with
the intersiming.
Now, lastly, I don't have any idea what is discussed.
I don't know whether anything's going to be putting out the charges or not.
I would just like to ask you two questions on that.
Mr. Chairman, may I have a point of order?
I want you to find a point of order.
I would like to say that the reason that the questions, the conversations that I had
with Secretary Steven are known is because I told this committee
that I had had several conversations with Secretary Steven,
resulting from, as I remember, two visits with me.
One, when he came to CME, but with General Ridgeway, the Chief of Staff of the Army.